IDEAS

1. secret lab: secret lab produces w and z bosons that buff something. w and z bosons are generated by large processes and will unlock some repeatable upgrades.
w and z bosons can be used in the universe and creation. you can research stuff in the lab to grant permanent buffs and unlock features and quality of life measures.
research will change up the game immensely. to do this, we need to think of things that haven't been done before.

1. you start with 2e100 antimatter/2e100 IP
2. drastically reduce autobuyer interval for IDs/TDs/replicanti
3. mega theorems (definitely not triternity. jk, it probably is. but i don't like the possibility of another mastery study conundrum so the mega theorems will be different.)
mega theorems are bought with TT and temporal power. these provide large buffs to your game, but obviously require massive costs. don't make them too massive though.
4. dimboost costs are decreased by temporal power
5. tachyon particles can go "lightspeed" for strange things in dilation (idk what it is we'll do with it though) (apparently tachyons already go past the speed of light. it's time to go hyperspeed.)

this is example stuff, we'll put more later

(1e3 QK -> 1e100+ QK)

2. universe: upon reaching a certain point in lab research, you can start creating a universe. a universe requires massive amounts of antimatter, as well as any particles that you have.
this universe can be altered to help affect antimatter production, buff a certain feature, etc.
of course, universes will be big, so you have to make the biggest universe possible. the larger universe, the bigger rewards.
(1e30 QK and beyond)

3. neutron star: 
"You can sacrifice all your current gluons, DT, or meta-antimatter to the neutron star.

total gluon sac
log2(total DT sac.max(1))
log2(total MAM sac.max(1))

pairwise products give the three types of boson

each type of boson boosts one of the three types of galaxy by 1 + bosons / 1000

gluon * dt = w^+ bosons which boost normal galaxies
gluon * mam = w^- bosons which boost dilated galaxies
dt * mam = z^0 bosons which boost replicanti galaxies

bosons = floor(product^(1 / 8))"

the bigger the star, the more powerful it is. however, at enough pressure (given from sacrificing), the star will cause a supernova, granting a permanent buff but will force a quantum.
(you can supernova anytime)
(1e10 QK -> 1e1000 QK)

4. outer challenges

tougher challenges that require some progress in quantum.
unlike in ng+3, we will do challenges differently.

1. Only the third dimension produces stuff, and is applied to all dimensions.
2. You are stuck in a harsh dilation of ^0.05 with some forced ICs, which gradually softens as you get more DT.
3. You can't get boosts, but can get more powerful galaxies. however, scaling starts earlier which applies to all types of galaxies
4. Meta dimensions produce antimatter instead. Everything is changed to account for this.
5. Tickspeed starts at 0.01%, and dimension boosts and galaxies barely increase it. The game is also 1,000x slower.
6. You can only use 15 time studies, but you can buy any study on the tree.
7. Infinity Dimensions are the only dimensions that boost Normal Dimensions, but it's power's effect is reduced to ^2.
8. Time works against you. Every 3 minutes, a forced eternity will occur, and you gain a recurring punishment every time this happens (up to 10 times). Matter is also included, which divides dimension multiplier.
9. Galaxies boost dimensions instead and cost dimension boosts. Dimension boost scaling is drastically increased.
10. You can't buy tickspeed, and Time Dimensions are disabled. IC1 is applied, but all challenges affect exponents of multipliers.
